Updated Charting Library, UI Improvements, and Enhanced Images (#50)
upsidedownlabs/Chords-Web: README.md

2.  Open the Arduino IDE and flash the provided firmware onto the Arduino.
3.  Open Chords in a web browser.
4.  Click the "Connect" button to establish a connection with the Arduino and stream.

> 5.  Click "Zoom" button to zoomin data visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Click the "Zoom" button to zoom in on data visualization.
```
